Double Cleanse Sets info page UK

MASTER THE ART OF
Double Cleansing

Centuries ago, Japanese women craved pure white complexions, inspired by the delicate beauty of geisha. To achieve a dramatic look, they commonly used oshiroi, a bright white powder made from rice often blended with powdered metals, oil and wax—and to remove it, they massaged emollient oils into their skin and rinsed them away, followed by a foaming cleanser.
Our taste in make-up has evolved since then, but the Japanese practice of removing make-up and cleansing with oil is here to stay. This double cleansing ritual does more than just remove make-up—it also nourishes and hydrates the skin.

What is Double Cleansing?

Our double cleanse regimen is a modern take on the centuries-old Japanese cleansing ritual. Simply put, it’s the best way to remove all traces of excess oil, sunscreen, daily grime, sweat, and eye and facial make-up—while preparing your skin for toner, serum and moisturiser. It does all this without clogging pores, upsetting your pH balance or stripping your skin of its natural moisture.

Double cleansing won’t complicate your regular regimen. It only includes one more nourishing step to deliver benefits you can see and feel.

Step 1
Remove Impurities

Since oil naturally binds with oil, this step removes make-up, sebum and environmental impurities. Place a small amount of oil on dry hands and massage it over your dry face. Rinse with lukewarm water.

Step 2
Cleanse

Work a small amount of cleanser into a rich, creamy foam. Massage onto your face and rinse with lukewarm water.

[benefits list with droplet bullets]

Deep Cleanse
Oil binds with impurities and washes them away without clogging pores, and cleanser leaves skin gently refreshed

Nourish
Organic virgin olive oil and Japanese botanicals hydrate and maintain skin’s pH balance

Protect
Antioxidants defend against free-radical damage and help protect skin from environmental irritants

Set the Stage
Prepares skin for the toner, serum and moisturiser that follow

[Video]
How to Double Cleanse
See how oil & cleanser work together
WATCH NOW


Find Your Double Cleanse

The Classic Cleanse
An ideal introduction to the Japanese art of double cleansing. Features bestselling Deep Cleansing Oil and Mild Soap, both powered by antioxidant-rich organic virgin olive oil.
SUGGESTED SKIN TYPE: A go-to solution for all skin types.

The Invigorating Cleanse
Minimise the appearance of pores with Pore Cleansing Oil and foaming, exfoliating Pore Face Wash. This powerful combo brims with botanicals like grapefruit, orange peel extract and olive oil.
SUGGESTED SKIN TYPE: Optimal on oily or combination skin.

The Refreshing Cleanse
Sweep away the day’s grime and make-up with Deep Cleansing Oil and follow up with lightly exfoliating Face Wash Powder. For extra rich lather, whip up a creamy mousse in our Foaming Mesh.
SUGGESTED SKIN TYPE: Suitable for all skin types.

The Purifying Cleanse
Pair Deep Cleansing Oil with our liquid Face Wash, which energises with rosemary leaf oil and hydrates with virgin olive oil while dissolving impurities.
SUGGESTED SKIN TYPE: Works great on dry or sensitive skin.
